Did Aunt Jon's accident have anything to do with you?
What's wrong with him?
He was hit on his way to work.
Baby born prematurely
A child asked to be taken away by shame
Can't see him
I wonder how he is.
Hey, he was too careless.
I had nothing to do with this
I haven't even decided what to do.
He gave birth naturally
It's really not you.
It's really not me.
Stop being paranoid
I grew up holding you in my hands
Aunt, you doubt me so much
You broke my heart so much.
aunt
You are my closest person in the world
And Joanne is my favorite person
I hope you know
If you hurt him
Just hurting me
Then I'll grab him from your fingers for you
No, nothing else.
I have my own plans
This time
I will never lose to this
Aunt Xiuyuan will make a good way for you
The Rong family owes us
I'll get them back little by little
Hey hey hey good
Qiao Han Zi really invited you this time
Gave me such a cute and well-behaved grandson
When I was little?
Changshun in all seasons
In the future, the Rong family will have the greatest hand power hahahaha
Grandpa
Let Ando give you a few grandchildren in the future
Hey, hey, okay, hahaha, hey.
What to eat
Granny
The child has been a hundred-day feast
When is the family dilemma open?
You are in such a hurry to divorce me
I'm anxious for you.
Even if I didn't mention you, I would have mentioned divorce
After all, you still have to listen
You really want to divorce me, don't you?
The reason I bring it up
I just don't want you to dislike it one day
Throw this divorce agreement in my face
Force me to sign
I do hate you
I hate all your entanglements
I hate that you can affect my relationship at every turn
I hate it when you talk about divorce every day
Does autumn rain fall